README.md, before:

# node-red-contrib-ssh-v2
Available on NPM as https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-red-contrib-ssh-v2-reconnection <br>
Based on https://github.com/yroffin/node-red-contrib-ssh which does not seem to be maintained.

# Why?
I added this so I could turn on my linux HTPC via Alexa, triggering a WOL packet and then turn it off using SSH.<br>
That's why SSH reconnection was important.

# Changelog
- fix unusable ssh key config
- add reconnection attempts to the ssh client

# Usage
Input: msg.payload has to contain the command. <br>
Output: none

## Configuration
- Ssh: ssh key path (optional but recommended)
- Hostname: address of the target SSH server
- Name: name of the node
- Username: username of the target SSH server
- Password: password of the target SSH server (set this if not using ssh key)

# To-Do (help wanted)
1. Add feature to reuse hosts/accounts instead of having to re-add every time
1. Add output so that other nodes can consume the result
1. Add option to consume more information(e.g. hostname) from other node

Commit message:

Add new features
* increase to version `1.0.0`; assuming we're following semantic versioning, I think that's correct since it's technically a breaking change, due to the change in output
* expand the help section to be more helpful
* update the README
* added comments
* various tweaks (e.g. replacing `var` with `let`)
* set options from other nodes
  * the incoming `msg.payload` can still be a string, representing a command, or it can be a JSON object containing a `command` field and whatever options you want
* output is now sent in a `payload` field
  * from what I see of other nodes, that seems to be the convention
  * also, changed `code` to `exitCode` to be more self-documenting
* no longer connects on startup
  * the connection on startup wasn't actually doing anything useful, since it was reconnecting when receiving input
  * as a result, there's no more green "connected" status, since it will only ever be connected for the duration of the command it's executing
  * error status have been tweaked a bit to accommodate this change

README.md, after:

# node-red-contrib-ssh-v2
Available on NPM as <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-red-contrib-ssh-v2-reconnection">node-red-contrib-ssh-v2-reconnection</a>. Based on <a href="https://github.com/yroffin/node-red-contrib-ssh">node-red-contrib-ssh</a> which does not seem to be maintained. The original lacked the ability to reconnect to the SSH server, limiting its usability.

# Improvements from the original
- fix unusable ssh key config
- support reconnecting when node receives input
- put output in the payload field
- accept settings as input

# Usage
**Input:** `msg.payload` can either be a string, in which case it's interpreted as the command to execute, or it can be a JSON object with a `command` field and any options you want to specify. Options set on the node itself, using the GUI, will take precedence over any that are passed in as input.

Fields you can set:

- `command`: the only mandatory field
- `hostname`
- `port`
- `privateKey`
- `username`
- `password`

**Output:** `message.payload` contains an object with the following fields:

- `exitCode`: the command's exit code
- `stdout`
- `stderr`

## Configuration
- Name: name of the node
- Private Key: ssh key path (optional but recommended)
- Hostname: address of the target SSH server
- Username: username of the target SSH server
- Password: password of the target SSH server (set this if not using ssh key)

# To-Do (help wanted)
1. Add feature to reuse hosts/accounts instead of having to re-add every time
~~1. Add output so that other nodes can consume the result~~
~~1. Add option to consume more information(e.g. hostname) from other node~~
